NEWS
====

Release Notes
-------------
0.20
Added the ability to search all calendar entries for a regular expression.
Also added the ability to print all calendar entries to screen.

0.19
Extended the ability to print previous entries: "clcal -d 7 -w -9" will print calendar entries for nine weeks prior to today, then today's entries, then the entries for the next seven days.  "clcal -w -9 -w" will achieve the same output.  Note that the negative period modifier must be specified (the positive period modifier is 1 by implication unless specified), so that in order to show calendar entries for one week prior to and one week after today, you could use: "clcal -w -w -1".
Fixed a couple of bugs where clcal would core dump instead of displaying the customary brief usage message.

0.18
Added the ability to print previous entries using negative period modifiers, for example: "clcal -d -7" will print the calendar entries for the seven days prior to today.  This function has also been extended to searches, such that "clcal -s dentist -w -4" will search the four weeks prior to today for all calendar entries containing the string "dentist".
The clcal options --searchfwd, -b, and --searchbck are now deprecated by the introduction of the use of negative numbers as search period modifiers and will be removed from later versions of clcal.
If you are upgrading from clcal version 0.16a or earlier, please change your existing ~/.clcal/colour.cfg with the modified colour.cfg included, or make appropriate changes to your existing colour.cfg.

0.17
A new search function allows searching back through past calendar files.
Note that searched past entries can be coloured differently to avoid confusion, so examine the modified colour.cfg file included with this release and make appropriate changes to your existing ~/.clcal/colour.cfg if you are upgrading.

0.16a
Bugfix: a sequence of date files, all empty bar one (near the centre) produces unusual output. Thanks to Andres for pointing this one out.

0.16
Added a search function.  Allows you to search your calendar for a regular expression. The search is case-insensitive. See README for more details.

0.15
Initial release


